                          HiBy Music R3PRO

   MQA and LDAC enabling Firmware update

                End User License Agreement

Dear Customer,

By downloading and installing this Firmware 
update, you implicitly agree to the license 
terms laid out in the following End User 
License Agreement (EULA). Please read this 
EULA carefully from beginning to end and 
indicate whether you agree to its terms:

LICENSE. As principal author of this firmware 
update ("Firmware"), HiBy Music Information 
Technology Co., Ltd. ("HiBy Music") grants 
You, ("You"), the End User, the following 
rights to the Firmware to be downloaded and 
installed:

1. Right of lease of the Firmware, paid for 
by the purchase / ownership of the HiBy 
R3PRO player that the Firmware is intended
for.

2. Right of use of the Firmware by operating 
it in conjunction with the HiBy R3PRO player
in the fashion of an end user, in the ways
for which the Firmware has been designed to
be used by the end user in conjunction with
the HiBy R3PRO player. This EXCLUSIVELY 
includes:

a) Using the Firmware to browse, search for 
and playback music, including but not limited 
to: playback of MQA encoded music at full 
resolution with MQA decoding enabled; 
reception of LDAC encoded music data over 
Bluetooth for playback over wired 
earphones / headphones / other wired audio 
equipment explicitly supported by the 
HiBy R3PRO; transmission of LDAC encoded 
music data over Bluetooth for playback 
over officially LDAC-licensed wireless 
audio equipment;

b) Using the HiBy R3PRO in conjunction with
the Firmware to connect with and play music
to compatible peripherals, such as 
headphones, powered loudspeakers, 
Digital-Analogue Converters, Bluetooth 
headphones, DLNA and Airplay music devices,
etc. IN MANNERS EXPLICITLY ALLOWED BY THE 
Firmware WHEN RUNNING IN THE FORM DESIGNED 
FOR END USERS (i.e. excluding any operations
in recovery mode, download mode, or any 
other modes designed for factory 
diagnostics rather than end user operation)

c) Using any and all other functions of the 
HiBy R3PRO in conjunction with the Firmware
as explicitly allowed by the Firmware in the
part of the user interface designed for end 
users (I.e. excluding any user interface 
elements in recovery mode, download mode,
or any other modes designed for factory 
diagnostics rather than end user operation);

d) Using other functions of the HiBy R3PRO in
the parts of the user interface excluded in 
(b) and (c), with the explicit approval and 
guidance of HiBy Music. HiBy Music hereby 
grants the user rights to use Recovery mode 
for further updating the Firmware on the 
HiBy R3PRO to any future versions released
directly by HiBy Music. User should contact 
HiBy Music for approval of any other 
intended uses of recovery mode, download 
mode or any other non-end-user modes.

MERCHANTABILITY and LIABILITY. HiBy Music 
warrants that the Firmware is fit for use 
with the HiBy R3PRO as a music player in
general. However, HiBy Music shall not be 
held responsible for any malfunctions arising 
from attempting to play any particular music 
(file, file format) in any particular manner, 
whether or not such file formats, media and / 
or manner has been explicitly advertised as 
being operable on the HiBy R3PRO. HiBy Music
aims to issue continual updates to address 
any malfunctions that contradict explicitly 
advertised capabilities of the HiBy R3PRO, 
however there is no guarantee as to when an 
update that effectively addresses any 
particular malfunction is issued.

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. 
HiBy Music reserves all rights not expressly 
granted to You in this Agreement. The 
Firmware is protected by copyright, patent 
and/or other intellectual property laws and 
treaties and contains trade secrets of HiBy 
Music and its suppliers. HiBy Music and its 
suppliers own the title, copyright, and other 
intellectual property rights in the Firmware. 
Notwithstanding any statements to the 
contrary contained in any terms of use of the 
Firmware, the Firmware is licensed, not sold 
and HiBy Music retains ownership of all 
copies of the Firmware.

LIMITATIONS ON LICENSE. You are expressly 
prohibited from using the Firmware in any 
manner not specifically authorized by HiBy 
Music in this Agreement. You may not make 
any copies of the Firmware except and to 
the extent necessary for the purposes 
outlined in this Agreement. You may not 
work around any technical limitations in 
the Firmware, modify, create derivative 
works, reverse engineer, decompile, or 
disassemble the Firmware, except and only 
to the extent that such activity is expressly 
permitted by applicable law notwithstanding 
this limitation. You may not rent, lease or 
lend the Firmware. You may not publish the 
Firmware for others to copy, transfer the 
Firmware or this Agreement to any third 
party. You may not delete, fail to reproduce 
or modify any patent, copyright, trademark 
or other proprietary rights notices which 
appear on or in the Firmware or 
documentation. No license, right, or 
interest in any trademark, trade name or 
service mark is granted to You pursuant to 
this Agreement. Additionally, You are 
expressly prohibited from using the 
third-party libraries that form part of the 
Firmware in any manner not specifically 
authorized by the relevant third parties 
involved, including but not limited to MQA 
Ltd. (mqa.co.uk) with regard to MQA audio 
decoding and playback, and Sony (sony.com) 
with regard to Bluetooth LDAC audio 
reception / transmission support.

I have read with the terms laid out in this 
End-User License Agreement.
